:memo: Add lalalilo/gitmemoji to related projects (#473)
carloscuesta/gitmoji: README.md

## Related tools

- [`gitmoji-changelog`](https://github.com/frinyvonnick/gitmoji-changelog/): A changelog generator for gitmoji.

> - [`gitmemoji`](https://github.com/lalalilo/gitmemoji/): A game for learning gitmojis.

Reviewer: I would prefer to keep the original description from the author:
```suggestion
- [`gitmemoji`](https://github.com/lalalilo/gitmemoji/): An app to learn gitmoji emojis.
```

Author: Oh, I didn't seen there was a description because I only looked at the README file and at the website itself, because of the new GitHub layout I didn't seen there was a repo description.
However, gitmemoji isn't technically an "app" (a webapp maybe) and "gitmoji emojis" is a longer term to say "gitmojis".

Reviewer: Yes it make sense 👍  What do you think from `A game to learn gitmojis`?

Author: Yes I hesitated between the two forms, let's do that.
